basicSelenium/BasicCreateProjectTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicCreateProjectTest
basicSelenium/BasicTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicTest
basicSelenium/BasicDeleteProjectTest.java
 basicSelenium.BasicDeleteProjectTest
factoryBrowser/Edge.java
 factoryBrowser.Edge
factoryBrowser/BrowserStack.java
 factoryBrowser.BrowserStack
factoryBrowser/Chrome.java
 factoryBrowser.Chrome
testClean/DeleteProjectTest.java
 testClean.DeleteProjectTest
factoryBrowser/IBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.IBrowser
pomPages/todoLy/LoginModal.java
 pomPages.todoLy.LoginModal
pomPages/todoLy/LeftSection.java
 pomPages.todoLy.LeftSection
pomPages/todoLy/MainPage.java
 pomPages.todoLy.MainPage
controls/Label.java
 controls.Label
controls/CheckBox.java
 controls.CheckBox
pomPages/todoLy/MenuSection.java
 pomPages.todoLy.MenuSection
controls/Image.java
 controls.Image
controls/TextBox.java
 controls.TextBox
pomPages/todoLy/CenterSection.java
 pomPages.todoLy.CenterSection
controls/Button.java
 controls.Button
controls/Control.java
 controls.Control
factoryBrowser/FactoryBrowser.java
 factoryBrowser.FactoryBrowser
testClean/UpdateProjectTest.java
 testClean.UpdateProjectTest
testClean/CreateProjectTest.java
 testClean.CreateProjectTest
singletonSession/Session.java
 singletonSession.Session
itemTest/TestBaseTodoLy.java
 itemTest.TestBaseTodoLy
testClean/LoginTest.java
 testClean.LoginTest
factoryBrowser/FireFox.java
 factoryBrowser.FireFox
itemTest/CRUDItemTest.java
 itemTest.CRUDItemTest
